[vmsingle/vminsert]:  change http success response code to 200 for -/reload request handler (#5776)
VictoriaMetrics/VictoriaMetrics: docs/CHANGELOG.md

* SECURITY: upgrade Go builder from Go1.21.6 to Go1.21.7. See [the list of issues addressed in Go1.21.7](https://github.com/golang/go/issues?q=milestone%3AGo1.21.7+label%3ACherryPickApproved).

> * FEATURE: change http success response code of `-/reload` request handler of vmsingle and vminsert to 200. See [this feature request](https://github.com/VictoriaMetrics/VictoriaMetrics/issues/5774).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* FEATURE: consistently return 200 http status code from [`/-/reload` endpoint](https://docs.victoriametrics.com/vmagent/#configuration-update) at [single-node VictoriaMetrics](https://docs.victoriametrics.com/) and [vmagent](https://docs.victoriametrics.com/vmagent.html). See [this feature request](https://github.com/VictoriaMetrics/VictoriaMetrics/issues/5774).
```
